Juliann Ma pursues a dream of revolutionizing world education through music. Her constant search for new, meaningful ways to communicate with audiences has led her to address global concerns by extending the language of classical music through collaborative, cross-cultural, and interdisciplinary projects that she writes, directs, and produces. Her most recent initiative, SEAS (Sustainable Environment Through the Arts and Sciences), performed in collaboration with a growing, eclectic team of environmentally minded artists and scientists who bring her research-drawn stories to screen and stage, has earned her the Father Merlet and Marin Alsop Entrepreneurship Awards. For her contributions to Humanities & Creative Arts, Juliann Ma was presented with the Robert M. Golden Medal at her Stanford graduation.

Ms. Ma, winner of the 2016 Pro Musicis International Award, is an avid citizen-artist who has enjoyed diverse teaching, leadership, and enterprise roles as Stanford University's Arts Academic Theme Associate and Pre-Collegiate summer Institute's Resident Counselor and as a Juilliard Gluck Fellow. This year, she was invited to partake in Silk Road Ensemble's Global Musician Workshop as a multidisciplinary performer and stage manager, as well as Caroga Lake Music Festival as a Teaching Artist and Inter-Arts Symposium Speaker. Currently, she is on the music faculties of [Avenues, The World School](http://www.avenues.org/) and [ToneRow.com](https://www.tonerow.com/), and maintains a [private studio in Manhattan](/lessons).

Juliann Ma completed her studies at Stanford University (B.A. Music, Honors & Distinction, minor in Creative Writing), École normale Supérieure de Musique de Paris Alfred Cortot (Diplôme d'Exécution de Piano, Fulbright grant), Juilliard School (Master of Music), and Mannes, The New School for Music (Professional Studies). Her performances have taken her across Europe, Jamaica, Japan, and the United States, including prestigious venues as Bing Concert Hall, Konzertsaal Bundesallee, Carnegie Hall, Salle Cortot, Dôme de Grandes Écuries Chantilly, Herbst Theater, Hitachi Systems Hall Sendai, Three Palms Montego Bay, and Schoenberg Center.

In her spare time, Juliann enjoys writing, dancing, painting, singing, sailing, and drawing inspiration from nature and her city.
